# Project Finder


## Overview

Project Finder is a Python application that allows users to search for third year academic projects based on supervisor's ID or keywords. The application extracts project information from a JSON data file, which is generated by web scraping the university project proposal website. If the required JSON data file is not found, the application automatically runs the script to scrape the required data from the website and generate the data file.

## Features

1. Search by Supervisor: This feature allows users to search for projects supervised by one or more specified supervisors. Users need to provide supervisor IDs, and the application returns all projects supervised by the specified supervisors.
2. Search by Keywords: This feature allows users to search for projects using keywords. Users provide one or more keywords, and the application returns all projects that contain any of the keywords in the project's title, aims, or prerequisites.
3. Data File Generation: If the required JSON data file is not found, the application automatically runs the script to scrape the project data from the website and generate the data file.

## Instructions

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.

2. Install the required Python packages using pip:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
   
3. Run the script with the command:
    ```bash
    python project_finder.py
    ```

4. The program will prompt you to enter your choice for search. Follow the on-screen instructions to perform your desired search.

## Dependencies

This application uses the following Python libraries:

    os
    json
    requests
    BeautifulSoup
    subprocess
    time
    dotenv

## Notes

The web scraping part of the application requires authentication to access the university project proposal website. You need to set your username and password as environment variables in a .env file. The application uses these credentials to log in to the website.

```env
UNI_USERNAME=your_username
UNI_PASSWORD=your_password
MAIN_URL=proposal_list_page
PROJECT_BASE_URL=proposal_base_url
```
Make sure to replace 'your_username' and 'your_password' with your actual username and password.
